feat(curriculum): add mood board lab for React props (#57205)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lab-mood-board/673b3d6b7ef7318eef926d5a.md

---
id: 673b3d6b7ef7318eef926d5a
title: Build a Mood Board
challengeType: 14
dashedName: build-a-mood-board
demoType: onClick
---

# --description--

> A mood board is a collage of images and text. It is used to convey a general idea, goal, or feeling about a particular topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A mood board is a collage of images and text that conveys a general idea, goal, or feeling about a particular topic.
```

In this lab, you will create a mood board using reusable React components. The CSS has already been provided for you.

> Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fulfil the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab.
```

6. You should create and export a `MoodBoard`.
7. Your `MoodBoard` component should return a `div` as its top-level element.
8. Your `MoodBoard` component should render an `h1` element with a class of `mood-board-heading` and the text `Destination Mood Board`.
9. Your `MoodBoard` component should render a `div` with a class of `mood-board`.
10. Your `MoodBoard` component should render at least three `MoodBoardItem` components within the `.mood-board` element, each should pass `color`, `image`, and `description` props with valid values.

You can use the following images in your Mood Board if you would like:

- `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/pathway.jpg`
- `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/shore.jpg`
- `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/grass.jpg`
- `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/ship.jpg`
- `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/santorini.jpg`
- `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/pigeon.jpg`

# --hints--

You should export a `MoodBoardItem` component.

```js
const mockedComponent = Enzyme.mount(React.createElement(window.index.MoodBoardItem));
assert.lengthOf(mockedComponent.find('MoodBoardItem'), 1);
```

> Your `MoodBoardItem` component should return a `div` with a class of `mood-board-item` at it's top-level element.

Author: ```suggestion
Your `MoodBoardItem` component should return a `div` with a class of `mood-board-item` at its top-level element.
```
